NMS-13073: BsfDetector documentation (#3349)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors/BsfDetector.adoc

= BSF Detector

> The BSF Detector lets you run arbitrary scripts using the Bean Scripting Framework to determine the availability of a service. This can be a script written in any of the languages supported by BSF, the only requirement is that the script returns the string `OK` if it passes.

Reviewer: one line one sentence

Author: fixed

> The BSF Detector lets you run arbitrary scripts using the Bean Scripting Framework to determine the availability of a service. This can be a script written in any of the languages supported by BSF, the only requirement is that the script returns the string `OK` if it passes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The BSF Detector lets you run arbitrary scripts using the Bean Scripting Framework to determine the availability of a service. This can be a script written in any of the languages BSF supports. The only requirement is that the script returns the string `OK` if it passes.
```

Reviewer 2: One sentence per line, please.

> For information on writing a BSF script for OpenNMS, see the BSF Monitor page.

Reviewer 2: Would be great to have a link to the BSF Monitor page. (BSFMonitor.adoc)

== Detector facts

[options="autowidth"]
|===
| Implementation | `org.opennms.netmgt.provision.detector.bsf.BSFDetector`
|===

== Configuration and Use

.Parameters for the BSF detector
[options="header, autowidth"]

|===
| Parameter      | Description                                                                               | Required | Default value
| `fileName` | The path to the file on the OpenNMS server which contains the BSF-compatible script to run.                                                                        | optional |
| `langClass`   | The short name of the language the script is written in.
    Choices: javascript, beanshell, groovy, etc.  | optional | 
| `bsfEngine`         a| The BSF engine to use when running the script. Choices:

* bsh.util.BeanShellBSFEngine
* org.codehaus.groovy.bsf.GroovyEngine                | optional | 
| `fileExtensions`          | A comma-separated list of file extensions to consider a valid script for this BSF instance.                                                                              | optional | 
| `runType`      a| Which way to run the BSF script. Choices:

> * `eval` - expects the script to print the OK/error status to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `eval` - expects the script to print the OK/error status to
```
Is there a word missing after "to"? To where?

* `exec` - expects the script to manipulate the provided results hashmap directly                                         | optional | `eval`
|===

> 

Reviewer: all the empty new lines here

Can we provide a simple BeanShell script as a working example?

Author: > all the empty new lines here

The empty lines are required to get the list here rendered like this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4995222/111802606-7a370a00-88ce-11eb-94e5-f73da34a9ad6.png)

Without that it looks like a list is not doable. Does it break any tests?

> Can we provide a simple BeanShell script as a working example?

:shrug: I was hoping you guys have one ;-) But of course we can create one.

Reviewer: I think you can create an example from the https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/blob/develop/opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/service-assurance/monitors/BSFMonitor.adoc.
